c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe.config
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DomainLayer.dll
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DomainLayer.pdb
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
c:\users\kishore.ithadi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe.config
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DomainLayer.dll
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DomainLayer.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe.config
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.dll
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DomainLayer.dll
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Repository.dll
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\BusinessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\DomainLayer.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\bin\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.exe
C:\Users\govardhan.nandi\Documents\New folder\LMS\ConsoleApp\obj\Debug\ConsoleApp.pdb
